Bigeye documentation (#842)
mozilla/data-docs: src/cookbooks/data_monitoring/intro.md

# Introduction to Bigeye (Data Observability Platform)

> In 2024H1, Mozilla chose Bigeye as its data observability platform to ensure high data quality and reliability across its pipelines. Bigeye offers powerful features like automated anomaly detection, detailed data lineage tracking, and customizable monitoring. These capabilities allow teams to swiftly identify, diagnose, and resolve data issues, enhancing overall data integrity and operational efficiency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mozilla uses Bigeye as its data observability platform to ensure high data quality and reliability across its pipelines. Bigeye offers powerful features like automated anomaly detection, detailed data lineage tracking, and customizable monitoring. These capabilities allow teams to swiftly identify, diagnose, and resolve data issues, enhancing overall data integrity and operational efficiency.
```
